Sync ui (#11083)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/guides/i18n.md

# Guide
> This section explains how to manage translations for internationalization of menu items.

> SkyWalking UI's internationalization translations are in the `src/locales/lang`. And the translations for the menu items are in `src/locales/lang/menus`, including `label` and `description`. The translation key of `label` which is the value of `i18nKey` is from [ui-initialized-templates/menu.yaml](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/oap-server/server-starter/src/main/resources/ui-initialized-templates/menu.yaml).  The translation key of `description` consists of the `i18nKey` value and `_desc`. The `description` contents will be displayed in the Marketplace page. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SkyWalking UI's internationalization translations are in the `src/locales/lang`. And the translations for the menu items are in `src/locales/lang/menus`, including `label` and `description`. The translation key of `label` which is the value of `i18nKey` is from [ui-initialized-templates/menu.yaml](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/oap-server/server-starter/src/main/resources/ui-initialized-templates/menu.yaml).  The translation key of `description` consists of the `i18nKey` value and `_desc`. The `description` contents will be displayed on the Marketplace page. For example,
```

The link should be a relative path, then, our doc build could generate a link with the current release or latest build automatically.

> SkyWalking UI's internationalization translations are in the [src/locales/lang](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-booster-ui/tree/main/src/locales/lang). And the translations for the menu items are in [src/locales/lang/menus](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-booster-ui/tree/main/src/locales/lang/menus), including `label` and `description`. The translation key of `label` which is the value of `i18nKey` is from `oap-server/server-starter/src/main/resources/ui-initialized-templates/menu.yaml`. The translation key of `description` consists of the `i18nKey` value and `_desc`. The `description` contents will be displayed on the Marketplace page. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SkyWalking UI's internationalization translations are in the [src/locales/lang](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-booster-ui/tree/main/src/locales/lang). 
The translations include `menu name` and `description`. The translation key of `menu name` is the value of `i18nKey` from [menu definition file](../../../oap-server/server-starter/src/main/resources/ui-initialized-templates/menu.yaml). The translation key of `description` consists of the `i18nKey` value and `_desc` suffix. The `description` contents will be displayed on the Marketplace page. 

The following is a typical `menu name` and `description` for i18nKey=`general_service`
```
